# Your Understanding is My Understanding - A Replication
## PSYCH 254 Replication Project
## Larry Liu, hrlarry@stanford.edu
A. The original study explores the community-of-knowledge hypothesis, wherein people credit themselves for having knowledge that they do not personally have but know that others have. I specifically choose to replicate Experiment 2 of the original study but using the verbiage from Experiment 4. This study is tangentially related to my research interests because both concern learning, though my work is more focused on classroom learning dynamics rather than actual pieces of declarative knowledge itself. I also believe that replicating the analysis from the original study will give me exposure to analytical methods I previously did not know how to perform.

B. We will use the fictitious scenario from the Experiment 2 materials. However, as the original paper notes, we seek to make the findings more robust by including specific language to differentiate between the description of the fictitious phenomenon and the explanation for the fictitious phenomenon, as the original paper does in Experiment 4 to make the findings of Experiment 1 more robust.

Participants will view the prompts which randomly counterbalances across participants. Then, they will be asked how much they understand the phenomenon described on a 7-point Likert scale with labels at 1 (Little to no understanding), 4 (Moderate understanding), and 7 (Detailed and deep understanding). Finally, we will test for signifiant differences in perceived differences in levels of understanding across the secret-CK, public-CK, and no-CK conditions. I think the most difficult challenge will be programming the experiment with valid counterbalancing on mTurk, which I have very limited familiarity with.
